Update configure-auto-exposures.md (#6065)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/collaborate/auto-exposures.md

Auto-exposures helps users understand how their models are used in downstream analytics tools to inform investments and reduce incidents — ultimately building trust and confidence in data products. It imports and auto-generates exposures based on Tableau dashboards, with user-defined curation.

> Auto-exposures are available on [Versionless](/docs/dbt-versions/versionless-cloud) dbt.

Author: ```suggestion
Auto-exposures is available on [Versionless](/docs/dbt-versions/versionless-cloud) and to [dbt Cloud Enterprise](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing/) plans.
```

> Auto-exposures is available on [Versionless](/docs/dbt-versions/versionless-cloud) and to [dbt Cloud Enterprise](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing/) plans.

Author: ```suggestion
Auto-exposures is available on [Versionless](/docs/dbt-versions/versionless-cloud) and on [dbt Cloud Enterprise](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing/) plans.
```
